CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Daytona

The team at Daytona welcomes contributions from the community. There are many ways to get involved!

## Provide Feedback

You might find things that can be improved while you are using the Daytona Provider Sample. You can help by [submitting an issue](https://github.com/daytonaio/daytona-provider-sample/issues/new) when:

* When the Provider Sample crashes or you encounter a bug that can only be resolved by restarting Daytona.
* An error occurs that is unrecoverable, causes workspace integrity problems or loss, or generally prevents you from using a workspace.
* A new feature or an enhancement to an existing feature will improve the utility or usability of the Daytona Provider Sample.

Before creating a new issue, please confirm that an existing issue doesn't already exist.

## Participate in the Community
You can engage with our community by:

* Helping other users on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q).
* Improving documentation
* Participating in general discussions about development and DevOps
* Authoring new Daytona Providers and sharing those Providers
* Authoring new dev containers and sharing examples

## Contributing Code
You can contribute to the Daytona Provider Sample by:

* Enhancing current functionality
* Fixing bugs
* Adding new features and capabilities

Before starting your contribution, especially for core features, we encourage you to reach out to us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q). This allows us to ensure that your proposed feature aligns with the project's roadmap and goals. Developers are the key to making Daytona the best tool it can be, and we value input from the community.

We look forward to working with you to improve Daytona and the Provider Sample, and make development environments as easy as possible for developers everywhere.

### Steps to Contribute Code

Follow the following steps to ensure your contribution goes smoothly.

1. Read and follow the steps outlined in the [Daytona Contributing Policy](README.md#contributing).
2. Configure your development environment by either following the guide below.
3. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/working-with-forks/) the GitHub Repository allowing you to make the changes in your own copy of the repository.
4. Create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/daytonaio/daytona-provider-sample/issues) if one doesn't exist already.
5. [Prepare your changes](/PREPARING_YOUR_CHANGES.md) and ensure your commits are descriptive. The document contains an optional commit template, if desired.
6. Ensure that you sign off on all your commits to comply with the DCO v1.1. We have more details in [Prepare your changes](/PREPARING_YOUR_CHANGES.md).
7. Create a pull request on GitHub. If you're new to GitHub, read about [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). You are welcome to submit your pull request for commentary or review before it is complete by creating a [draft pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests). Please include specific questions or items you'd like feedback on.
8. A member of the Daytona team will review your PR within three business days (excluding any holidays) and either merge, comment, and/or assign someone for review.
9. Work with the reviewer to complete a code review. For each change, create a new commit and push it to make changes to your pull request. When necessary, the reviewer can trigger CI to run tests prior to merging.
10. Once you believe your pull request is ready to be reviewed, ensure the pull request is no longer a draft by [marking it ready for review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request).
11. The reviewer will look over your contribution and either approve it or provide comments letting you know if there is anything left to do. We try to give you the opportunity to make the required changes yourself, but in some cases, we may perform the changes ourselves if it makes sense to (minor changes or for urgent issues). We do our best to review PRs promptly, but complex changes could require more time.
12. After completing your review, a Daytona team member will trigger merge to run all tests. Upon passing, your change will be merged into `main`, and your pull requests will be closed. All merges to `main` create a new release, and all final changes are attributed to you.

Note: In some cases, we might decide that a PR should be closed without merging. We'll make sure to provide clear reasoning when this happens.

#### What Does Contributing Mean for You?

Here is what being a contributor means for you:

* License all our contributions to the project under the MIT License

For more information, see the [README](README.md) and feel free to reach out to us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q).

Commit message:

feat: azure provider rename
Signed-off-by: Toma Puljak <toma.puljak@hotmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Daytona

The team at Daytona welcomes contributions from the community. There are many ways to get involved!

## Provide Feedback

You might find things that can be improved while you are using the Daytona Azure Provider. You can help by [submitting an issue](https://github.com/daytonaio/daytona-provider-azure/issues/new) when:

* When the Azure Provider crashes or you encounter a bug that can only be resolved by restarting Daytona.
* An error occurs that is unrecoverable, causes workspace integrity problems or loss, or generally prevents you from using a workspace.
* A new feature or an enhancement to an existing feature will improve the utility or usability of the Daytona Azure Provider.

Before creating a new issue, please confirm that an existing issue doesn't already exist.

## Participate in the Community
You can engage with our community by:

* Helping other users on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q).
* Improving documentation
* Participating in general discussions about development and DevOps
* Authoring new Daytona Providers and sharing those Providers
* Authoring new dev containers and sharing examples

## Contributing Code
You can contribute to the Daytona Azure Provider by:

* Enhancing current functionality
* Fixing bugs
* Adding new features and capabilities

Before starting your contribution, especially for core features, we encourage you to reach out to us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q). This allows us to ensure that your proposed feature aligns with the project's roadmap and goals. Developers are the key to making Daytona the best tool it can be, and we value input from the community.

We look forward to working with you to improve Daytona and the Azure Provider, and make development environments as easy as possible for developers everywhere.

### Steps to Contribute Code

Follow the following steps to ensure your contribution goes smoothly.

1. Read and follow the steps outlined in the [Daytona Contributing Policy](README.md#contributing).
2. Configure your development environment by either following the guide below.
3. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/working-with-forks/) the GitHub Repository allowing you to make the changes in your own copy of the repository.
4. Create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/daytonaio/daytona-provider-azure/issues) if one doesn't exist already.
5. [Prepare your changes](/PREPARING_YOUR_CHANGES.md) and ensure your commits are descriptive. The document contains an optional commit template, if desired.
6. Ensure that you sign off on all your commits to comply with the DCO v1.1. We have more details in [Prepare your changes](/PREPARING_YOUR_CHANGES.md).
7. Create a pull request on GitHub. If you're new to GitHub, read about [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). You are welcome to submit your pull request for commentary or review before it is complete by creating a [draft pull request](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests#draft-pull-requests). Please include specific questions or items you'd like feedback on.
8. A member of the Daytona team will review your PR within three business days (excluding any holidays) and either merge, comment, and/or assign someone for review.
9. Work with the reviewer to complete a code review. For each change, create a new commit and push it to make changes to your pull request. When necessary, the reviewer can trigger CI to run tests prior to merging.
10. Once you believe your pull request is ready to be reviewed, ensure the pull request is no longer a draft by [marking it ready for review](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/changing-the-stage-of-a-pull-request).
11. The reviewer will look over your contribution and either approve it or provide comments letting you know if there is anything left to do. We try to give you the opportunity to make the required changes yourself, but in some cases, we may perform the changes ourselves if it makes sense to (minor changes or for urgent issues). We do our best to review PRs promptly, but complex changes could require more time.
12. After completing your review, a Daytona team member will trigger merge to run all tests. Upon passing, your change will be merged into `main`, and your pull requests will be closed. All merges to `main` create a new release, and all final changes are attributed to you.

Note: In some cases, we might decide that a PR should be closed without merging. We'll make sure to provide clear reasoning when this happens.

#### What Does Contributing Mean for You?

Here is what being a contributor means for you:

* License all our contributions to the project under the MIT License

For more information, see the [README](README.md) and feel free to reach out to us on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/daytonacommunity/shared_invite/zt-273yohksh-Q5YSB5V7tnQzX2RoTARr7Q).
